Add base readme (#4)
wpilibsuite/roborio-toolchain: README.md

# roborio-toolchain

_Build setup for building the RoboRio Toolchain_

## Building (Windows)

> This repo uses Docker on linux in order to build the Windows Compiler. To build, just use the `build-windows.sh` script, which will build the toolchain. The compiler archive will be placed in the root directoryas `FRC-YEAR-Window-Toolchain-GccVersion.zip`. The compiler is a 32 bit executable, and has been tested to work on Windows 7 and newer systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo uses Docker on linux in order to build the Windows Compiler. To build, just use the `build-windows.sh` script, which will build the toolchain. The compiler archive will be placed in the root directory as `FRC-YEAR-Window-Toolchain-GccVersion.zip`. The compiler is a 32 bit executable, and has been tested to work on Windows 7 and newer systems.
```

## Building (Linux)
This repo uses Docker on linux in order to build the Windows Compiler. To build, just use the `build-linux-tgz.sh` script, which will build the toolchain. The compiler archive will be placed in the root directory as `FRC-YEAR-Linux-Toolchain-GccVersion.tar.gz`. The compiler is built with Ubuntu 14.04, and should be compatible with any system with at least glibc 2.19.

## Building (macOS)

> The macOS build must be performed natively on macOS, and has been tested to build correctly on 10.13.To build, just use the `build-linux-tgz.sh` script, which will build the toolchain. The compiler archive will be placed in the root directory as `FRC-YEAR-Mac-Toolchain-GccVersion.tar.gz`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The macOS build must be performed natively on macOS, and has been tested to build correctly on 10.13. To build, just use the `build-linux-tgz.sh` script, which will build the toolchain. The compiler archive will be placed in the root directory as `FRC-YEAR-Mac-Toolchain-GccVersion.tar.gz`.
```
